We have arrived at the conclusion of the course.
At this point, you should be prepared to complete
the data science for business leaders Capstone Project.
Upon assuming a new leadership role within a company,
whether from an internal move or joining the company and new,
it is common for an executive to be asked to
prepare a plan for the first 100 days in the job.
The Capstone Project has you prepare
that 100 day data science plan for a company of your choosing.
This could be your current company or some other existing business.
As part of this project,
you will build the following.
You will identify six data science opportunities for the organization.
You will complete a rack and stack evaluation of these opportunities,
detailing the risks, challenges,
and key factors for success for each of the opportunities,
and completing a road map for executing these six data science opportunities.
You will complete the human capital plan for the data science organization,
and you will complete the technical plan for the data science organization,
including the data in data architecture strategy and machine learning architecture.
The work product for this Capstone Project will be a detailed presentation to
the CEO detailing your plan and the rationale behind your decisions.
Upon completion of this Capstone Project,
you will be able to carry out the following tasks.
Given a business context,
you'll be able to generate ideas for
data science projects across multiple functional areas of the business.
You'll be able to determine the relative strategic importance, cost,
complexity of implementation, risk,
likelihood of value capture,
and magnitude of benefit for each of a variety of projects.
You'll be able to identify and prioritize the mix of roles you
would pursue to build out a data science organization.
You will be able to prepare a detailed data and
data architecture strategy that a business can
use to carry out the road map of data science projects.
Finally, you'll be able to generate strategies for
promoting a data-driven culture for your business.